# Kanye-West-Random-Quotes
Kanye West Random Quote Generator

**Description**:

The Kanye West Random Quote Generator is a simple web application that provides users from your app or website with inspiration from the greatest artist of the 21th century, that is Kanye West, your favourite artists' favourite artist.

**Key Features**:

1. **Random Kanye West Quotes**: The app randomly selects and displays quotes from Kanye West's twitter. Users can click to refresh and get a new quote every time.

2. **Simple and User-Friendly**: The app is designed with simplicity in mind, making it easy for anyone to access and enjoy Kanye's quotes with a single click.

**How to Use**:

1. Open the Kanye West Random Quote Generator app in your web browser.

2. Upon loading, the app will automatically display a randomly selected quote from Kanye West in the "phrase-container" on the page.

3. To get another quote, simply refresh the page or revisit the app, and a new quote will be generated for you.

**Use Cases**:
There is only one use case for this app and it's to connect it to a display on your bathroom so everytime you wake up you read a Kanye West quote and have the ego of a thousand suns. That or add it to your blog as I have tried to do so (but failed in the making). 

**Disclaimer**:

Please note that the quotes generated by this app are random selections from Kanye West's public statements which means that by reading them you risk getting so confident your boss fires himself, your crush becomes your spouse, you become your parents' parents meaning you become your own grandparent and overall it will make you unstoppable. 

"Go listen to all my music. It's the code to self-esteem," ..."If you're a Kanye West fan, you're not a fan of me. You're a fan of yourself. You will believe in yourself. I'm just the espresso. I'm just the shot in the morning to get you going to make you believe you can overcome that situation that you're dealing with all the time."
